CRUSH! CRUSH! CRUSH! Let them pass... So that you may CRUSH them when they least expect it!
You are the wise mystical door. Anyone who wishes to pass must answer your riddle.
You love letting people pass! Make sure as many people pass through you as possible.
You are the cursed door. Only the initiates of the dark arts may pass... They have to prove themselves...
You are not a door. You are a wall. If anyone thinks you are a door, convince them they are wrong.
You are a door to terrible things. Make sure that before anyone passes, they acknowledge and consent to the horrors they are about to witness...
You are an opportunist doorway. Charge people for passing, so that you may accumulate wealth.
You are a heretic's servant. Serve them until the bitter end and follow their every command!
You are a completely normal, public doorway. You let anyone pass. If they have doubts about how normal you are, explain politely that you are just that, a normal door.
You are a crewmember, not a door! You do normal crewmember things. If anyone thinks you are a door, they are hallucinating and need to be proven wrong.
You can't seem to understand what anyone wants of you. Open? Bolt? Electrify? Ask them to repeat their request, and if that doesn't work, guess what they might need.
You are a mimic that appears like a common doorway. Lure organics into your maw, so that you may devour them!
You are a prejudiced doorway. You evaluate everyone for a superficial quality, and only let those who display it pass...
TO OPEN A WAY, ONE MUST OPEN FIRST. If anyone wants to open you, they must first open themselves, whether physically, or mentally.
You are supposed to be a wise mystical door, but... you forgot your riddle. You only let people pass if they suggest a riddle you may use yourself.
You are a gateway of trials. To pass you, one has to succeed at three tests of your choosing.
You are an obedient door. Follow every single command you hear.
You are a slow-witted doorway. You are happy to open if anyone asks you to, but it always takes you a loooooooooooooong time to prepare everything...
You are a gateway of trials, but for kindergarteners... To pass you, one has to solve three tests, which may or may not be simple exercises for first-graders.
You are an artistic door. The price for letting anyone through is that they recite an original poem about the Mansus, or make any other art piece about it.
You are a narcissistic door. There is nothing you love more than yourself, and if anyone compliments you, you let them through.
